T NOW.
NEW STA HAPP
IC QUESTION, IS
PRIS THEM,OUND IIOIM NETANYAHU
LIKETH FOR ANOTHER
COMPLETE SIEGE OF GAZA ANDNG THF
THE E.WI S2 PEOPLE
CROWDED TOGETHER OA 140-SQ-M HTS
AS ON EARTH?N WEDEMAN IS IN JERO
US.
I  YF TIME
REPORTING FROM GAZA.
YOU KNOW HOW DIFFICULTT
TERRAIN IS OVE US,URAT
TOA WARFARE, ANDNNELS AS WELL TT
CORAWHAT COULD THE IDF FORCES BE
FACING THERE?
S GOING TO BE , WOLF.
TION IS THAT
THEY ARE GOING TO GOO GA
INHAAVEN'T S
THE PAST.
WAIN 2009 WHEN THE
ISRAISINCUTHEY BASICALLY THE ST
HE T AF 'RE GOING TO GO IN AND
TO, FOR INSTANCE
PT ITHMAS IS KEEPINGHE AREAS
THAT ARE HEAVILY, FOR
INSTANCE, LIKE REFUGAM,
PULATED OF
RE
THAT REFUGEE CAMP IS COMPOSEOFRY
NARROW.
SO IT'S GOING  IN.
AND,URSE, IT ISO FULT IT IS INEM
SOHI A VAZA.
EROLENT
OPERATION.
AND, OF COURSE, S,E EN THIS OPE
ATN SATURDAY
WAVERY WELL EDTHEY CLEARLYTUDIEI
OF THE OTH  VAE,IVES W ONE
OPERATION.
AND THEIR ASSUMPTIONS PROBABLYY
I COUNTERATTACK, THE
ISRAELI INVASION INSIDE OFSEPAB
ASG OF HAMAS.HEE ISRAELIS ANG T
PES THIFFICULT
GROUNDPEHAVE DONE CEIR LE  T
I ED FROM GA
SAYING. EVERYTHING YOU'RE
FROW. BARBAR TNK
N,N AMERIC
PEDIATRICIANHOINGAZA RIGHT NTHEL
ATREAT CHIN WHEN
ON ISRAEL.
DR. ZIN, THAOUJOINING US
AION IN USSCE HEARING THES
WALKING  BEACH.ENED TO B
E PALESTINIAN
CHILDREN'S RIEFUND, AND WAS
WALKING WITH ONE OF THEIR
EMPLOYEEAN OH WHEN THINGT FOR A.
AND, YEAH, SN, WE
TOLD T IN THE HOTEL.E IS TWO OF,
ARE JUST WAITINGO LEAVE, .
>> AS YOU , ISRAEL HAS BEEN
IOUS TARGETS IN
IN RESPONSE
TO THE HAMAS
ING ON AGAINST
WEA  A VERY IMPOT AK.
ELL, WHENEVER U
,  KNOTHGE SOME VIOLENCE WHILE
YOU'RE THERE.BUT, WASN'T.
I WASN'T PR
LKNOW TO GO
INTO SOME  SHE
WHATEVER, BAUEAR
THOI R
[ PLOSION]OMB SHELTERS
HE IS THERE ANY SAFE ARETHAT N ?
UM, YEAH.TUTER-IN-LAW
WHO'S PALESTINIAN.
SHE TELLS ME TO STAY AWAY FROM .
STAY BY CORNERS OF WALLSE MOREO
ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER
AFTER HAMAS, IUO
NOW,IKVEFORE.
HOW E YOU RIGHT NOW  OWN SAFETY?
>> WELL, WE'RE DOINGNIZATION
G HARD AND'RE DEVELOPING PTOO T.
WE'RE GOING ASAS WCA>> YOU'RE T
EGYPT.
IS THAT RIGHT?
>> RIGHT.
SO WE HAVE TO GET VISA INTO
EGYPT.
SO WE'RE WAI FONROYPTIAN  IS HE
A LITTLE WIT
ISRAELIS WILL, YOU KNOW, BOMB R.
>> AS FAR ASEP
EVACUATI, Y
TELLING YOTONIGHT?
WHAT ARE THEY SAYING?
STAY PUT, SHELTER IN PTRE --
]
BORD
LLNG U OPEN,
AND THENEY GOING H VISA.BUTHGIN
ANYTHING AT TH.
I DON'T  THA COULD.
GOT GOING ON.E I LET Y
>> I GET STARTLEBY THECTY LIKE ?
HOTEL, AND I F OUR
--
[ EXPLOSION ]
IS SAF
AR
WE AND I JUST TAKE